README.md, before:

# eng-update-automation
This is a project to automate generation of weekly updates within my organisation. I manually create weekly updates by reading off our DevOps board and reaching out to my engineering and data science colleagues. Phase one of this project is to automate 'reading' of our board and output the JSON into a notepad.

06/11/2024
Discovered that WIQL query was only able to retrieve IDs from the URL method I was using. I am going to select certain IDs based on BoardColumn filters and state filters, group live updates, development updates and upcoming items IDs and then using for-loops extract details on each ID in each group and see where that leaves me.
Successfully got JSON object written into a file saved to my desktop. Phase 1 criteria half-met. 

Phase 1 (essential):
Create a tool to read the DevOps board and generate an output into a notepade file on my desktop.

Phase 2 (eventual): 
Automate the sending of requesting updates from individuals.

Phase 3 (nice-to-have):
Merge that individual feedback with the board updates, layered with a natural language toolkit to generate whitty but informative weekly updates for the wider organisation.

Commit message:

Addded security measures regarding PAT

README.md, after:

# eng-update-automation
This is a project to automate generation of weekly updates within my organisation. I manually create weekly updates by reading off our DevOps board and reaching out to my engineering and data science colleagues. Phase one of this project is to automate 'reading' of our board and output the JSON into a notepad.

06/11/2024
Discovered that WIQL query was only able to retrieve IDs from the URL method I was using. I am going to select certain IDs based on BoardColumn filters and state filters, group live updates, development updates and upcoming items IDs and then using for-loops extract details on each ID in each group and see where that leaves me.
Successfully got JSON object written into a file saved to my desktop. Phase 1 criteria half-met.
Added function to get the PAT from a file saved on my desktop for security.

Phase 1 (essential):
Create a tool to read the DevOps board and generate an output into a notepade file on my desktop.

Phase 2 (eventual): 
Automate the sending of requesting updates from individuals.

Phase 3 (nice-to-have):
Merge that individual feedback with the board updates, layered with a natural language toolkit to generate whitty but informative weekly updates for the wider organisation.
